1. Why should root SSH login be disabled?
Ans. 1- The root SSH login should be disabled because it eliminates the prediction of cyber attacks like Brute-Force attacks.
     2- Default username is available on every linux machine attackers only need to guess the password of the user.
     3- If the root SSH login is enabled your account is publicly exposed and attackers can gain full access to the administrator hence 
        it should be disabled for enchanced security.

2. What is a service in Linux?
Ans. 1- It is a program or process that runs in the background without any direct user interaction.
     2- Example: SSH server runs in background connecting vm to base machine.

3. Difference between start and enable?
Ans. 1- The start command is used to activate a service in backgruond.
     2- The enable command configures the service to start automatically whenever the system boots up.

4. Explain r , w , and x.
Ans. 1- The r function defines the read permissions to the user , group or others. Given to a directory or a file by default.
     2- The w function defines the write permissions to the user , group or others. Given to a directory or a file by default.
     3- The x function defines the execute permissions to the user , group or others. Given to a directory or a file by default.
All these funtions can be changed later using commands.

5. What happens if permissions are set to 777 ?
Ans. If the permissions are set to 777 the rwx permissions are fully given access to the owners groups and others also. 
     If the permissions are fully granted anyone can read modify or execute the specified file or directory.

6. How does permission help in securing data?
Ans. The permission helps in securing data as it defines who can access the file and how they can access the file.
     It helps in industrial level as all permissions are granted to the main head and the modification and execution are only granted
     to the developers and others who dont have permission can only read preventing data loss.

7. What does x field ?
Ans. X field means execute that is it is given permission to user,owner and groups to execute files directory in system.

8. Why are passwords not stored in /etc/passwd?
Ans. Passwords are not stored in etc/passwd/ to protect unauthorized access.
